d:\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ConsoleApplication6\ConsoleApplication6\bin\Debug\ConsoleApplication6.exe.config
d:\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ConsoleApplication6\ConsoleApplication6\bin\Debug\ConsoleApplication6.exe
d:\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ConsoleApplication6\ConsoleApplication6\bin\Debug\ConsoleApplication6.pdb
d:\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ConsoleApplication6\ConsoleApplication6\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.dll
d:\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ConsoleApplication6\ConsoleApplication6\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Host.HttpListener.dll
d:\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ConsoleApplication6\ConsoleApplication6\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Hosting.dll
d:\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ConsoleApplication6\ConsoleApplication6\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
d:\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ConsoleApplication6\ConsoleApplication6\bin\Debug\Owin.dll
d:\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ConsoleApplication6\ConsoleApplication6\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
d:\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ConsoleApplication6\ConsoleApplication6\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.dll
d:\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ConsoleApplication6\ConsoleApplication6\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.Owin.dll
d:\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ConsoleApplication6\ConsoleApplication6\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.xml
d:\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ConsoleApplication6\ConsoleApplication6\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Host.HttpListener.xml
d:\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ConsoleApplication6\ConsoleApplication6\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Hosting.xml
d:\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ConsoleApplication6\ConsoleApplication6\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
d:\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ConsoleApplication6\ConsoleApplication6\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
d:\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ConsoleApplication6\ConsoleApplication6\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.xml
d:\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ConsoleApplication6\ConsoleApplication6\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.Owin.xml
d:\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ConsoleApplication6\ConsoleApplication6\obj\Debug\ConsoleApplication6.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
d:\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ConsoleApplication6\ConsoleApplication6\obj\Debug\ConsoleApplication6.exe
d:\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ConsoleApplication6\ConsoleApplication6\obj\Debug\ConsoleApplication6.pdb
